Create ACTIVITYTYPES.md (#2228)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: ACTIVITYTYPES.md

## What Activity Types does Web Chat support?

First, see the [Activities overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/dotnet/bot-builder-dotnet-activities?view=azure-bot-service-3.0) documentation to learn about what activities types are available in Bot Framework.

> This document will discuss what Bot Framework Activity Types that Web Chat is prepared to handle *as a client*. To see documentation on which activity types are supported by different channels, please see the [Activities by Channel](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-sdk/issues/5294) discussion. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document will discuss what Bot Framework activity types that Web Chat is prepared to handle *as a client*. To see documentation on which activity types are supported by different channels, please see the [Activities by Channel](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-sdk/issues/5294) discussion. 
```

> This document will discuss what Bot Framework Activity Types that Web Chat is prepared to handle *as a client*. To see documentation on which activity types are supported by server-side Channels, please see the [Activities by Channel](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-sdk/issues/5294) documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document will discuss what Bot Framework Activity Types that Web Chat is prepared to handle *as a client*. To see documentation on which activity types are supported by server-side channels, please see the [Activities by Channel](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-sdk/issues/5294) documentation. 
```

> Although the Direct Line Channel (Web Chat's Bot Framework Channel) supports the following activity types, Web Chat is only designed to support the following activities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the Direct Line channel and Web Chat channel supports the following activity types, Web Chat is only designed to support the following activities:
```

> | Server :left_right_arrow: Bot Activity only 	| Direct Line Channel supported Activity 	| Web Chat supported Activity 	|

Reviewer: Should we move the 2nd column left?

Instead of "Server ↔️  Bot Activity only", how about "Channel ↔️ bot activity"?

Instead of "Direct Line Channel supported Activity", how about "Activity type" or "`Activity.type`"?

|---------------------------------------------	|----------------------------------------	|-----------------------------	|

> |                                        	      | `Message`                              	| :heavy_check_mark:          	|

Reviewer: The activity type should be in lower case, e.g. `message` instead of `Message`.

| `conversationUpdate`                    | :heavy_check_mark:                       |                     |
| `event`                                 |                                          | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| `event.TokenResponse`                   | :heavy_check_mark:                       |                     |
| `endOfConversation`                     |                                          |                     |
| `typing`                                |                                          | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| `installationUpdate`                    | :heavy_check_mark:                       |                     |

> 

Reviewer: Remove empty line.

> - `InstallationUpdate`, `Event.TokenResponse` and `ConversationUpdate`are activities sent between the bot and the server. Web Chat the client is not designed to render these activities by default.

Reviewer: I know it is quite confusing and I don't know how to solve it. "Server" could be bot (because we host it using Restify, bot is a web server). "Server" could also be the our service, a.k.a. Direct Line channel, or simply "channel".

```suggestion
- `InstallationUpdate`, `Event.TokenResponse` and `ConversationUpdate` are activities sent between the bot and the channel. The channel do not send these events to Web Chat.
```

> - `EndOfConversation` is not currently rendered by Web Chat. See the Web Chat conversation on [Activity Types](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/1808) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EndOfConversation` is not currently handled or rendered by Web Chat. See the Web Chat conversation on [Activity Types](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/1808) to learn more.
```

When developing your bot's web page, you may discover that the bot sends an activity type that needs to be supported by Web Chat. Luckily, it is possible to create renderers for different activities through the [`activityMiddleware`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat#web-chat-api-reference). To learn more, check out the following tutorials:

1. [Customize Web Chat with Reaction Buttons](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/09.customization-reaction-buttons/)
1. [Customize Web Chat with GitHub Stargazer Components](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/10.a.customization-card-components)

> 

Reviewer: Remove empty line.

> Note: We do not recommend creating custom Activity Types. Instead, please use the `event` activity type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: We do not recommend creating custom activity types. Instead, please use the `event` activity type.
```

> Note: The Web Chat team does not recommend creating custom Activity Types. Instead, use the `Event` Activity Type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: We do not recommend creating custom Activity Types. Instead, please use the `event` activity type.
```
